After Chevron and Seibra manage to plug the Fabricator back into Agartha, Catherine is able to regain consciousness in the new exotic world.

—

The unnerving new reality of Catherine, in a place she doesn't understand and having lost all the anchors of her identity, she inhabits the body of a stranger (Seibra's) and even some faint crossed memories. Her depression takes a sudden crash.

There are plenty of Agarthians strolling the plain and elegant gardens of Agartha. A distant haze of white light obscures the horizon and skyline, making everything feel not only unfamiliar, but not quite real either. Catherine can walk as much as she wants towards the city in view, but she never seems to approach it.

The people are also uncanny, they don't point out how she walks naked. They don't even bother her for acting weird. Catherine feels invisible and takes some comfort in retracting into that shell.

Someone finally appears to recognize Catherine. Katarmaga doesn't understand her language, but she sure tries hard to appear welcoming and reassuring. She wears a strange ferret looking animal like a scarf and despite the elaborate bottom clothing, her bare chest makes the interaction feel awkward to Catherine. But who else could she trust to solve her situation? 

When the strange woman holds up a frame with Seibra's portrait, Catherine experiences the same jolt of recognition she witnessed from the woman.
It is herself... The picture feels like someone else, but this is who Catherine is living inside now. Dysphoria starts simmering, but this new woman must be able to provide the answers that are missing.

During a walk with the outgoing stranger, Catherine is encouraged to try talking about anything. It seems pointless, but Katarmaga points at objects calling them names and signals Catherine to repeat the same. It doesn't feel like much time has past, but the new friend opens as if the door to an invisible building and once entering, strings together some English words. 
"My room, your space."
Catherine is surprised at how fast the new friend appears to be learning her language and excitement rises that maybe she can get some answers.
Katarmaga sits Catherine on the edge of a bed, giving her a blanket, easing her anxiety. She sits in front on a pillow, on the floor with her pet. They attempt to introduce each other.

Katar.: "Name's Katarmaga. Your's must Visitor."
Cath.: "I'm Major Catherine, pleased to meet you..."
K: Much afraid for a big Catherine, how is Minor Catherine? *shuckles*
C: I'm lost, I'm not a visitor. Who are you? Where am I?
K: Wait, wait... I think I understand!
C: You do?!
K: You have irregular "be" particle word. I learned many languages, but old languages. Your's easier than first believed!
C: Oh, that... What language do you speak anyway?
K: Ge'ez, Afar, Hebrew, Latin, three kinds Deutsch-Saxon, the Proto-Indo-European if I remember, Aztec, also... *is interrupted*
C: Holy cow that can't be! What have people around here been speaking?!
K: I have been maintenance girl 28 times. Have to learn every language. Is fun!
People have been speaking about Seibra bringing visitor to Agartha. Too bad Catherine can't speak Agarthian. "Catherine" and "Katarmaga" almost same name. Seibra must have believed was funny! I have not travelled out in long time, think Terrans changed too much. And... *is interrupted*
C: Slow down a moment! I guess this is Agartha? Why do I look like Seibra? What happened to Seibra? I have questions! I'm scared...
K: It's easier when you have rest. Be my friend and maybe I can help shop new body. Helps people not confuse you with Seibra again! If troubles are not fixed, get pet. Pet always likes you.

After the passage of a day of bonding over simple things, Catherine obviously still isn't comfortable sharing her feelings or answering questions about her mind. Katarmaga doesn't force her, but tries to ask novel things, make suggestions for activities and whatnot. Xanax wouldn't do anything in a virtual reality and it is not clear if Catherine is suffering withdrawl or particularly devastated about her situation.

They go back to sleep together. In Agartha there aren't security concerns, but Katarmaga feels the need to repeat how she can make sure Catherine is safe. Maybe there is time for a few last words before sleep...

K: "What sucks the most is finding out you aren't lesbian, you know."

A forced laugh is strained from Catherine and Katar chuckles back.

C: "Can I have some clothes for once?"
K: "Oh, you see, you know, being clothed in Agartha is so very formal. I like to get the message across that I'm pretty fancy, but in my room I never consider that a necessity."
C: "For how long have you been missing Seibra?"
K: "Well, we aren't lovers or such, if that's what you are asking... She's into that 450 year old youngster. Maybe having someone to teach things does it for her, you know."
C: "450 years, what?! How old are you?"
K: "You could guess from my name if you could read Agarthian... I'm about 10'000 years old. Seibra is over 20'000 or something. She's been outside for way longer than most. Seibra was there when Agartha was built. She's a living legend. I feel so proud to be chosen as her close friend."
C: "Holy cow, I'm just 37 years old. Can I live for so long in here?!"
K: "Hey, maybe you have a chance of breaking Seibra's heart some day.~ I'm sure you can live enough time to even fix the relationship, as long as you stay in Agartha!"

Catherine wakes up from the edge of the bed. The sun is as bright as when she went to sleep... She takes a dark device which becomes like a mirror by touch. Her body doesn't feel the same as she remembers, is it just sore from exercising on the last day? No... The face on the mirror is responding accordingly to her disturbed and anxious look, but the messed up hairstyle, the missing eyebrow, are the least strange things that seem wrong. This is not Catherine, yet someone next to her in bed starts calling her Catherine all the same.

Her memory clears... Yes, it's Katar, her host. Was she sleeping completely naked with me the whole time?! To be fair the room does seem pretty tight. Apart from a small annex and the exit, there aren't any doors. No kitchen, no bathroom, not even a TV... What kind of place is this?

Katarmaga doesn't allow time for all of Catherine's confusing thoughts to sink in...
Her English seems to have improved dramatically.
K: "It's a good day to make a new avatar form for you! No wasting daylight hours ruminating!"
C: "Wait, what is an avatar?" 
K: "It's how you see me and how I see you. How do I explain... It would be a lot easier if you kissed me."
C: "Hey, I'm not going to kiss you! Look, this is Seibra's body, right? Who is Seibra and what happened to her?"
K: "Well, if we are getting answers only through words, might as well start with the easy questions. Apparently it seems like you had a transportation accident after Seibra left Agartha. Seibra is a long time friend. It's sad that you aren't here as Seibra's friend. I thought Seibra sent you as someone she trusted to play with me while she was gone."
C: "Uh... Did I go through some teleportation device?"
K: "No, silly. Agartha is not a place you go to. Anyway, I'm sure Seibra is fine. The Transporter creates a clone in the image of your avatar. In your case, I assume you have never been transported before, so you lost your original body. You were disassembled into goop. Probably Seibra was oncoming when you tried to transport into Agartha, so there wasn't time to scan your original for a unique avatar. The transporter copied Seibra's for your avatar.
C: "I'm confused... I haven't had my coffee or my pills... How long has it been?"
K: "It's been five hours... Sorry if you don't understand everything yet."
C: "You sound so much more lucid than me. You've been speaking English so fluently in so little time."
K: "I've been studying while sleeping. Maybe I should teach you how to interact with Agartha, if you are feeling so lost? There aren't pills or coffee around, so I'm sorry about that."
C: "I can't be without my xanax! I will break down!"
K: "Calm down, this is not the physical world anymore! Have you felt hunger or a need for a toilet break since you arrived in Agartha?"
C: "Wait, what? You're right, I would have felt my stomach rumble after waking up. So what you are saying is that these bodies of ours are like... Skins in a videogame or something?"
K: "Ah, your culture developed virtual worlds too! That's cool! So you are beginning to understand?"
C: "I don't know if that makes me feel any better, I need time to digest it..."
K: "I'd never think I'd see the face of Seibra being so melancholic. You are making me feel bad. Let's get a frown you can call your own. It will make you feel great and you'll turn it upside down!"
C: "That doesn't require aesthetic surgery or anything, right?..."

Katarmaga spins performatively in view of Catherine, now wearing makeup and a full set of tattoos.

K: "It will only cost you the time of choosing so many options!"
C: "I want my old body back..."
K: "Sorry, that isn't possible. You were lost. Recycled, liquidated..."
C: "No! Don't talk like that about me, you are making me feel like... A thing..."
K: "What do you mean?... I'm sure you could make an avatar that looks close to what you remember about yourself, but I bet it will be easier to just make an improved version of yourself!"

Katarmaga sits beside Catherine and hugs her.

K: "I'm sure I can make you understand better with love, my friendly visitor.~"
C: "Is it okay to give you a secret kiss?"
K: "Kisses are always secret."

The two slowly and cautiously press their lips together, Katarmaga not holding back on stretching her tongue into Catherine before snapping back away from the kiss with her eyes closed and sighing.

C: "I'm sorry, Katar, if you were expecting I was Seibra playing some stupid joke and you had to..." *is interrupted*
K: "Shut up, I know you aren't Seibra. But... Who are you?... I mean... You are a Terran, I need to explain everything. I need to be patient. When you kissed me you thought you were starting something sexual or doing me some favour, but I actually needed to take reading of your psychological state and understand you. In Agartha, if you want to tell something secret to someone you kiss them. You also get how they are feeling and how they think."
C: "Were you trying to read my mind?!"
K: "Sush, not quite that, one thing at a time. I need you to realise that kissing makes a message come across much faster and more clearly than just talking..."
C: "You want to kiss me again?!"
K: "That isn't the problem. The problem is, I've never experienced such a low level of consciousness from a person, if that makes sense... How can you function, when your senses are so clogged and your thoughts so fuzzy?"
C: "I-I-I can't function... That's why I'm afraid of going out with you to do anything. I... I guess my mind only functions enough to keep my body alive."
K: "This is called... Depression, right?"
C: "I've always been a little bit like this. Did I hurt you?..."
K: "No, dear. You taught me something new. Learning always hurts a little."

The two girls return to cuddling and a tear runs down Katar's face. Seibra's form makes her feel so close to Katarmaga, but still, so far away. It isn't right for Seibra to feel broken and tired like this. Helping Catherine is a new life purpose and if someone like this exists in the outside world, how wrong have humans gone?

The next day, Catherine wakes up and is the first to shake her new friend awake. She has more questions... Not questions about all that is going wrong anymore, but what this new reality means.

K: "No, Seibra, I can't let you... Again... Wait! It's you Catherine, that's right."
C: "Yeah, you know... Tell me more about Seibra, please!"
K: "Seibra is pretty cool. A bad girl with an attitude, you see. Not many gals of her time are like that. She was a military man of the Agarthians, before we switched to cyberspace. So there aren't many people with physical combat experience like her and she rose to elite status."
C: "You say she was a military man?..."
K: "Yeah, she was born from in-vitro conception, rather than cloning like most Agarthians since her. So she was also born as a male. If you look around, there aren't males in Agartha anymore. As time went on, much like with Seibra, we just preferred being females. It started as a kink, it became a party trick of sorts, but soon everyone just accepted that the human female form is better and nobody has cared since then. It makes it easier when your technology and medical procedures only have to care about a standard body form."
C: "Wow, that's kinda freaky. Certainly I don't feel a lot manly in my new shell. I'm just like an athletic girl, I guess. But explain to me... Why am I missing an eyebrow?"
K: "Yikes, that's a bit of a gruesome story. Are you sure you want to hear?"
C: "Yeah, I need to know..."
K: "You see, in the beginning of the story, Seibra wasn't even considering being mind uploaded. It was a bit of a luxury and some people didn't like the idea. Some were afraid you were actually dying and whatever appeared in Agartha was a bad facsimile of the now dead person."
C: "Yes..."
K: "Manly Seibra, in her original body, was fighting war with the Puazi. Don't think about it. You wouldn't know them. What matters is that Seibra was entrapped and blasted right in the left side of the face. She became horribly disfigured. The bullets only penetrated her face, not the brain case, but her whole left side of the head caught fire and I hope she was knocked unconscious or it would have hurt a lot. Not much could be done. Doctors didn't want to wake her up from the comma. So maybe transporting her to Agartha would give her a chance in life and let her family hear a goodbye at least. Seibra could have just repaired her form to become flawless, but Seibra wears reminders of that trauma with pride. To remind her why she's alive all these years..."
C: "So even Seibra had an original body once..."
K: "Yeah, I don't have an original. I was born here in Agartha from a personality blend. If not by copying old consciousnesses and resetting their memory, this is how Agarthians are made these days. I don't know how long you'll have to stay here, but if you are to live in Agartha, you have to remember that the body is disposable and the mind is software."
C: "Seibra has lived to see many scary things. She must be really brave...
I have something hard to ask you. Is this part where we kiss to talk?..."

Katarmaga simply answers by connecting with Catherine's mouth right away, making sure an accompanying hug provides a sense of trust. Catherine learns in the moment how unnecessary it is to be unsettled by this gesture, which in Agartha carries only tender expectations. As the sheepish tongue of Catherine finds the relaxed tongue of Katarmaga, their minds meld and it feels like they occupy the same space of internal monologue.

C: "Should I live as Seibra now, if she doesn't return? Maybe accept my new body and identity?..."

It feels like a long while as Catherine learns this new method of communication. Insecure by whether she is doing it correctly and guided only by affirming emotions directly from Katarmaga's mind and heart. 

Katar releases the kiss, feeling that this answer ought to be said out loud rather than in secret. As our minds disconnect it feels obvious that only a couple of seconds were taken.

K: "No. You are your own person, Catherine. I would love to see a new friend grow in me. Someone with whom I can share the memory of the true Seibra. Do you understand that?"
C: "I'm sorry if I came across creepy... It felt right at the time. This is not what..."
K: "I know. Remember you've shared with me all your intimate perspective on Seibra and I agree it felt like it made sense during the kiss. It's fine. I'm glad you've learned so much these couple of days with me, and it's uncanny how you feel like you relate with Seibra. But I'm sure she's not lost. She is tough. Let's go outdoors and I'm sure I can show you things that will make you think more clearly!"

Catherine and Katarmaga walk in a park until they hunch over a bridge on a stream. Catherine feels uncomfortable with showing her face, and the impromptu clothing scurried by Katarmaga from unmatched sets, keeps being pulled up to hide the face whenever Catherine senses a stranger passing by.

K: "You know we should really go to a store to find better clothing, if you are to be overdressed like that..."
C: "Katar, I want to thank you for taking me in and being a good friend, even after you figured out I'm not who you thought I was."
K: "When you live like I've lived... Time never feels too long... Identity doesn't really matter anymore. Don't make me explain this with a kiss, please. 
After you arrived, I've decided to check the time again... It has been 60 years since Seibra left Agartha, but I feel confident I will see Seibra again."
C: "I'm so sorry! But I couldn’t have been transported 60 years ago! What gives?"
K: "I don't know. The Transporter records say that your trip took 20 minutes. And that scares me. I don't understand what has taken Seibra so long to travel if your transportation was simultaneous as the accident suggests. Maybe the Transporter lost power 60 years ago…"

Katar spoons around Catherine's shoulder trying not to cry.

K: "I don't know what that could do to someone... I don't want to imagine it. Being a physical person sucks so much! We can die and be mutilated every day and it's fine because the Fabricator will always rebuild you again... Make you healthier, younger, prettier, and even stronger if you need to. Hell, it will make a copy of you to help you defeat whatever is harming you. But you will never return from brain death and I hate it! I hate it!"
C: "I think it's my turn to give you some answers... Katar... Don't be upset."
K: "What must I ask to get the right answers?"
C: "So, my civilization had no knowledge of Agartha. Sure we heard these stories of legendary civilizations and ancestors to us physical humans, but it was oral tradition. Probably just stories... Then we found one of your people... 70 years ago..."
K: "Good grief, it was our lost maintenance girl. She didn't report back to Agartha about the end of the mission. That's why Seibra was sent out."
C: "What I know is that people outside are doing a sort of cold war. We are stalled in tactical superiority and the battlefield now is our minds, our perception of the enemy. My bosses wanted to extract some technological advantage from your agent a long time ago. I was asked to study some of your machines that were retrieved. I guess one of them turns out to be a Transporter. It didn't seem to work at all! I just sat on it and it gained life of its own. It grabbed me so tightly and it made me feel like I was being violated, but before I could react, my mind had fizzled away from the real world."
K: "Oh dear. You messed up so bad. The machine was in supply rationing mode. It needed to sacrifice you to materialise Seibra. That's an awful first experience being transported. If your mind wasn't so blocked out from your mental illness I might have been able to realise this sooner!
Imagine if the buffer had been rate reduced! You might have appeared in Agartha mentally handicapped or with a personality swing! That could have also happened to Seibra after incarnating!"

Catherine pulls Katarmaga into a tight hug.

C: "I feel that Seibra saved us both... I feel like she sent me a message in the form of her personal memories while I was in the machine and... It felt magical. But I wasn't in control and I can't make sense of these memories. It's all so hazy."
K: "It's okay, it isn't your fault. I should go to the Council to let them know what's happening. You need to be brave and come with me, okay, Minor Catherine?"

They take a few seconds to catch their breath.

C: "Is it probable I will become lesbian for you?"

Katarmaga laughs in relief. And they walk ahead...

K: "I only date people who know how to interface with Agartha.~"

They spend the rest of the day learning to read Agarthian and how to pull up multimedia and other objects from thin air. Next time they find themselves in Katarmaga's home, they quickly fall asleep, holding each other's arms in bed, not even taking time to undress.

A new day is upon us. Catherine still faces Katarmaga since they fell asleep together. They don't attempt to move, dozing on and off every sentence they trade.

C: "Katar... Why is the sun always in the same place?"
K: "Mmm... You've been glared a high noon this whole time you've been here? It's an option in your Agartha interface. I taught you how to..." *dozes off*
C: "Oh, I can make the sun and weather be whatever I want. Neat..."
K: "Whenever I wake up with you I wish to pretend I just had some hard partying with Seibra..."
C: "You said she loved someone else... Who are they?"
K: "Exfon is her name. I like her too. We've had sex. Unfortunately, she was also sent along with Seibra to the physical world. Different Transporter. If your people only..." *Dozes off again*
C: "Katar! Yeah?..."
K: "Oh yes, right... Your people only had one Transporter. Who knows what happened to Exfon, then."
C: "One more thing, Katar..."
K: "We can't 'one more thing'. We have to get up and do things..."
C: "Is it normal that I have an urge to kiss you?"

Katarmaga's eyes spring wide open breaking the sleepy spell.

K: "Well, I guess that once you learn how things are done in Agartha you can't help but prefer to communicate the easier way."
C: "But do you feel the need to send me a picture or an emotion right now?"
K: "All I feel like sending you, you already know."
C: "I think that my team will try doing what they can to retrieve me. Maybe I will not stay for much longer. Do you think they have a chance?"
K: "I don't know. They probably need Seibra's help out there. The devices won't work on all the males swarming your world."
C: "Yeah, that may be a problem..."
K: "It depends on how much they let Seibra work. The odds are against us, right? I mean, they saw a machine transform you into... Well this person that you are now, except she can't speak your language. I wouldn't fault them if they were scared of what you've become, or what they believe you did, even though it's a different person. I'm afraid Seibra might be more temperamental than you and will cause some misunderstanding."
C: "I think you've shown me that this is my world now, not that place outside. I thought it was scary to be here because I didn't know what to expect. But out there everyone expects something of me and I can't handle it. You always tell me things aren't my fault and you make me feel secure no matter what I look like. No matter how I'm feeling..."
K: "Aww, you are touching my heart. Wanna hear about the time I had sex with Exfon? I bet you'll think it's a funny story."
C: "Sure, I guess..."
K: "Well, you know how kissing can be used to blend our thoughts, imagine how intense the mind meld can be when we fuck. We call it 'emotional sync'. So... I guess you can use that as a code word to gals in your former world. They won't get what you mean at first.
Exfon is super lesbian. She can't help transmitting her feelings of love to a partner. She didn't tell me about having trouble with Seibra at the time, but once we 'plugged' each other I came to the realisation that she was mad with Seibra."
C: "Wow, Exfon was cheating on Seibra with you?!"
K: "No, it was Seibra who presented Exfon to me before and we have always let each other know we were having sex before Seibra and Exfon got mad. But damn, Exfon was being really rough with me that one time."
C: "And?..."
K: "Once I started asking what was up with their relationship during sex, she got all embarrassed and kept saying I shouldn't have known about it."
C: "So you stopped what you were doing? Was it awkward for you?..."
K: "Not really, she kept going, but was pretty self conscious and it turned an amazing sexual session into something... More plain. It turns out Seibra and Exfon were at work together and the latter lost a bet or something. Was being a sore loser, I guess. That's what I could gather from having sex with Seibra a while later. They wouldn't willingly explain it to me."

